1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
to create the specific action. To avoid duplicating the code.
2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
both the cases code will run but output will be given action only after calling the function. If not called the function code will be executed
3. What statement creates a function?
def
4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
function can give only result but after calling function it will perform the actions mentioned in the function
Function can be defined but it will execute at that instnace only. Calling again will perform a specific task.
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
There is only one global scope. There can be multiple local scopes.
6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
The local variable will destroy
7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
function returns the value when it is completed.
8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
called function will be executed
9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
by using global keyword we can refer it.
10. What is the data type of None?
None means null. it is like a zero value.
11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
import statement will import module named as areallyourpetsnamederic
12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
module will create object after initializing it
13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
I will run program & it may give error which I can resolve later. But after executing it I can save the code. Can go for try /exception handling also.
14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Try: it is used to check the errors. if there are no errors then code will run otherwise it will not.
Except: It will except / ignore the code written in try statement

